# The ink theory

Imagine a pot filled with moderate black ink. You would throw in papers and papers that may vary into the pot: before you throw the sheets, there will be papers that are pure white and papers that are already soaked with black ink. There will also be papers with wax that don’t allow contamination by ink. If we throw pure whiteness into the ink, they will gradually turn black until they were pulled out by help. If we throw already black papers into the pot, then the pot is going to grow darker and darker. Also, waxed papers will not turn black thus they will always become invulnerable and not included in the blackness of the ink. If the ink grows darker and darker new thrown white papers will grow blacker faster and faster making a horrible environment. Too, old white papers will get contaminated fast. Waxed papers will always grow on their path in their own successful way(top people, not normal ones) unless the wax gets washed off by the strong black force. Entropy will make the pot blacker and blacker infinitely, but one day, someone will take the ink out and clear the papers once again(for teenagers, this is when you realize and grow up), but there will always be marks and you will never catch up to waxed papers. After they pull you out, they’ll put you back in until your life ends. Entropy will always happen. When the pot gets the most possible darkness, then everything will restart and newborns along with deaths will keep going on. Simulations of the black ink theory will always go on and these will happen at every corner of the earth. This answers why teenagers will become bad gradually while others won’t(either successful or kinder than the normal ones). Let’s talk about entropy(thermodynamics): newborns and young children will not have so much ‘energy’, thus their parents can control their behaviors and gestures. Just like entropy, when someone grows up, they will have increased energy making them intolerant to parents’ decisions and thinking on their own, destroying themselves(becoming bad and wasted).
