# City-State Social Phenomenon Theory 1

  We can describe social relationships in City-state forms. People who are social tend to be in groups, and some people are not socially included. Social groups are like city-states, there are both high authority or high reputation people and low ones or followers to the popular in society. Social groups or city-states can vary from famous to inferior. Some groups can be famous and welcomed while others might have worse popularity. People who are social and are in groups are the citizens of the city-states. They have different statuses and each has decent power. People who do not go well with social are like hermits. They stay on their own outside of city-states, but also, they might find fellow friends. Sometimes, if they find lots of similar people, they can form their own city-state and social group. Other people like me in 2022 are like travelers and merchants in these city-states. These people travel from one group to another, thus do not get as included as members of certain groups. Sometimes, these travelers will go to a city’s enemies, so these merchants’ reputations will be fluctuable. After the merchant leaves a city, rumors might begin to spread, since the merchant will not be aware of conditions after they left unlike permanent citizens of their social group. Some travelers could be powerful, even more, powerful than high classed people from powerful city-states, just like Robin Hood. Even if they could fight off many and can be strong, sayings behind their back are still unpreventable. Sometimes, hermits can try to join strong city-states as low classed dwellers. Some hermits are desperately willing to be socially accommodated, therefore, they would rather join as a peasant than be isolated. People inside the city-states can be protected by others, while merchants and hermits will depend more on their abilities. Without abilities, the people outside the cities will not survive for long. Travelers will meet friends on their way, and on the way to other cities, they have to be alone for a long duration of time. City-states will also frequently trade and fight with one another. Different social groups will merge and separate, and sometimes, there will be conflicts and harmony. In one city-state, there will also be rebellions and self-war. Perhaps, the authorities are fighting over something, or lower classed people are trying to raise their status. Eventually, entropy will make everything break apart. While the city-states still exist, they tend to exclude weak travelers and hermits from entering, or bullying, etc. These city-states may also discriminate against lower-tiered cities. Being social is for other people to see while being thoughtful is for yourself. So, the entire purpose of being social is just to let others feel respected towards you and include you as much as you can. You need to frequently try to understand others’ feelings as you become more social (you do not want to be a hermit) as that is the basic generalization of making others think of you as ‘good’. People will always have a surface expression about a person, and they will also think of people in mostly a different way in the inside of their heart. There will not be permanent friends and permanent foes, things are based on profits of one faction. Either to make them feel good and happy or practically make them improve.
