# Scary Story One

There is a town in which weird anomalies occurred. People have been reported dying during their sleep: One way is just going to sleep and not waking up while the others are committing anomalous suicidal actions in seemingly ordinary sleep (Dangerous Sleep Walking). In turn, our 'protagonist' Daniel was in the middle of the catastrophe. He encountered a lot of unfortunate events such as his younger sister going missing in the night and being found dead hanging by a tree three feet tall. The narrator of this story Bob, taught the story in the third-person perspective as he reads Daniel's journals. Daniel was always the one vigorously trying to figure out what happened while he was also extremely scared of these events from happening once again. As time moved on, more horror spread and many tried to leave the town, but instead, they cannot drive the car outside for some reason, as if their mind was telling them not to. They cannot leave even though they could. Daniel in one night in his bed saw a humanoid figure outside his windows, laughing nonstop. He was scared and thought at first maybe it was a crazy person outside, however, this was different. As he ignored it that time, he couldn't escape from it. It haunts him in his dreams until he reached a somewhat turmoil amongst himself. Afterward, these experiences also led to extreme disturbance to Daniel. On a rainy day at home when his mom was trying to cook lunch as his dad was on the sofa. He screamed and said there is someone inside the house. The thing was the same as in the night, and he shouted that out when his parents were home. But, for some reason, his parents did not see what he was talking about. They thought Daniel was going insane and probably needs rest. The thing moved towards Daniel and his parents were just normally treating it as a day. No one can see it other than Daniel. It said: "Hi, it looks like no one can help you. No one can free you of your sins." At these times, he had breakdowns, but he was okay after all. He had a couple more of those times, until... One day, Daniel again encountered the figure, but he was going to investigate because he can't keep this going forever. When he reached outside in caution, the thing moved his head, and Daniel was frozen in place. It was himself, but dead. He was unbelievably afraid thus running off in the opposite direction. When he tried to leave, the thing kept on laughing but also saying: "You cannot escape from me. I am you. I killed everyone. I am everyone." As Daniel thought he was safe, he was wrong as he kept his diary to the last. Just when Daniel turned his head up, the thing made his blood run cold. He was back to where he was after at least a four-minute run. Lastly, the thing said: "You cannot leave your mind, you cannot leave yourself, let it be Daniel, it's all over." In the morning, the sun rose up, and Daniel was found dead. The autopsy describes once again another case of the queer phenomenon, and as the security cameras told, Daniel left his house while in sleep and killed himself with a knife next to the river bank.

Explanation: There is a weird thing that was happening, Daniel was also in the case of the strange anomaly. He met a figure that was supposedly himself. The thing is everyone's darkest thoughts and minds. It manipulated people like drugs or cults. Everyone sees themselves as the figure. Since the thing was Daniel's mind, he cannot run from it and it is a loop since he is in a dream state. He killed himself because he want to be free of his mind. Only the victim can see the figure even if it is naturally visible by others. It tortures the victim and the victim is troubled by the sins they had done before, the bad things they have done motivated the mind of these victims.